## How to add a new application to the platform
Given the whole platform is written in Typescript and MySQL, you have to follow that pattern.
To create a new application is not that easy, so lets create separate sections.

This guide will contain four different sections:
* How to add a new application in chore level
* How to add a new application database
* How to add a new application backend
* How to add a new application frontend

These guides are optional, but if you add a new application, the first one is **mandatory**.

### How to add a new application in chore level
Adding a new application requires a new Application level GUID - this will describe the Tenant on platform level. To create a GUID please refer the Appendix 1.
Once you have the guid, you have to do the following steps
* If the application has any content add it to the Content DB context
* If the application has any AUTH related things, add it to the Auth DB context
  * In scope of this, you have to align `LoginScope` accordingly
* Add it to the `ApplicationName` and `ApplicationId` constants
* Align the configuration files to it
* Add it to the docs
  * Apps
  * Database
  * Port mapping

### How to add a new application database
### How to add a new application backend
### How to add a new application frontend

### Appendicies
#### Appendix #1 - GUID
All of the applications in this platform are globally describes by the guid. This guid is being generated by an internal tool. These guids can be overwritten later on, but it is not recommended.

To generate a new guid, open a terminal in `/applications` folder. The full script can be found below:

```sh

gh repo clone kfarkasHU/wraithlight
cd wraithlight/applications
yarn
yarn build
yarn guid

```

Not you can find your newly generated UUIDv4 (GUID) in the terminal. If the script would not work for any particular reason, feel free to use any guid generator websites/tools, because at the end of the day only the GUID matters.
